Welcome to New Sun: a world, where magic, cowboys, and bandits coexist. 
 
In this world, the vast expanse of arid desert landscapes, treacherous canyons, and towering mountain ranges offer a harsh and unforgiving environment that is home to the toughest and most ambitious of creatures.
 
The setting takes place in a time where the frontier is still being explored, new forms of technology have been on the rise. The government is not yet fully established, and each town is responsible for its own protection, leading to some of them being overrun by outlaws.
 
The continent is inhabited by an almost entirely homogeneous society of humans. They are both in constant search of adventure and struggling to fit into a world where magic does not come easily to their society. The human race's ambitions and fears have led them from the beautiful world of Arvandor to the harsh frontier.
 
Magic is uncommon in this area, and many people see those who wield magic as being in league with the evil tyrants and criminals of the old world. Others view themselves as woefully unmatched to protect themselves effectively from magic, and see magic as a relic of a past best left forgotten. Consequently, some people are suspicious of those who wield it.
 
The towns in this world are often small and isolated, with law enforcement being limited. The townspeople must often rely on themselves and their own brand of justice to keep the peace. Outside a town’s limits is rife with dangers, with wild animals, bandits, and ghosts of the old world lurking around every corner. The frontier is also rumored to be home to dangerous and powerful magic artifacts that some seek to claim for themselves, leading to intense and deadly battles.
 
One of these magical artifacts, The Ouroboros Relic, believed to be lost to time, is one of the most coveted and powerful artifacts known to history. Believed to be hidden in the mountains of New Sun by an ancient sorcerer long ago, this artifact is key to the evil half-elf wizard, Erevan Blackthorn’s plans to finally overthrow the world’s order and bring about a new world order under his thumb. Erevan has taken himself to New Sun to begin his search for the Ouroboros Relic, threatening the lives of all humans that dare to stand up to him.
 
The towns in this world are often small and isolated, with law enforcement being limited. The townspeople must often rely on themselves and their own brand of justice to keep the peace. 
Overall, a Western-themed D&D 5e world offers a unique and exciting experience, blending elements of the Old West with traditional Dungeons and Dragons themes.
